Hello.

Normally, you should have seen the original End Poem. This may not be your first time here.

So I have something else in store for you. "You". You must know what your name is, so I won't repeat it again, lest you not agree that your game name is what you want it to be.

This time, you may not have to rush through all of this.

(Unless you're reading this text outside of the game)

It's a place full of jokes. You may be able to have fun with the changed resources, promote your ideas through such a community, exchange joy, and repeat the process.

I can't bring you a share of that. I have another thing that you can change your taste for—if you are willing to accept it.

If you still haven't quit now, then the next content is about to begin.

... Good. Let's get serious.

Serious. It's the ability to take something seriously, to focus on accomplishing goals, and to avoid risks when needed.

But often, people lose their ability to be serious, don't they?

Worse, this can lead to a person not being able to treat others with respect when they need them, to the point of inadvertently hurting others.

This affects the mind, the mind, and more. If you're still hesitating, then you should make a decision now whether to move on or not.

Because the next question to be discussed, really don't take it as a joke.

.

..

...

While some people cannot take it seriously,

Others have actually lost the ability to be happy.

... Honestly, I thought about giving up and then doing nothing more.

After all, if life is not going well, there are sinister obstacles everywhere,

Just being alive is quite difficult for many people.

What's more, I still have unfinished dreams, but only a faint hope.

So I'm doing these things now, nine times out of ten to distract myself, to divert my attention, and avoid falling into a terrible and real nightmare.

If you are confused, then I may be able to give you more hints.

If you do, you will find that the average age of the community members may even be in junior high school or high school. Terrible children are becoming more and more common.

People with terrible age do terrible things. The "scary" perception comes from an age beyond expectations, so that it refreshes people's cognition again and again.

It's not just the state of this circle, it's what is happening in society as a whole. This state will continue in the future until the thinking capacity of human physiology is allowed.

To sum it up in one word, it is "precocious".

In a way, this is also a pathology. But more often than not, it's torture.

Precocious puberty can be the most terrible curse for a person. This means that a person has to accept mental pressure beyond his age when he should be innocent and happy, and is forced to take on problems that should not happen at all, pressing his nerves.

But no one wanted that. That's why I call it a "curse", because once you realize something, you really can't go back to where you were.

Maybe you realize that you have been fooled, or you may find that you are not happy, and you long for a pursuit but are not respected, or even lose love, congenital physical defects, or worse...

Again and again, you will find that you no longer admit that you were who you were now.

You know what I'm talking about.

Even if I don't need to say it, the topic of discussing education issues has never been less, and I believe you must have seen a lot of them.

But in the end, many problems are still unresolved, and we are actually powerless.

Constant pain has become almost the norm here. We create laughter, but behind it are heavy and terrible difficulties.

The core of comedy is always tragedy. Hopefully all this is the result of best efforts.

So why do we do this?

Because of you. If you are still taking this content seriously, then you have proven that you deserve to be taken seriously as well, which is one of the most important values of this work.

That's all. A community of poor children, and if you wish, you can get the location of this resource pack and look at the other options. Look at this community, every member of this community, every one of the people mentioned above, and what each member endures.

You can come here and ask for help, find a new friend, maybe sympathize with each other. Maybe you aren't, but you can still offer comfort, encouragement, or participation. Even a simple unexpected greeting can sometimes have an unexpected effect.

This is an opportunity to meet. A game, a community of games, a derivative work done by members of the game community, and the community behind that work. The world is big, but the circle is not big. The significance of this community is not limited to this work, and I hope you can discuss anything you wish to discuss and get a potential comfort, as long as you don't offend anyone.

I will do my best to take care of what I can until I reach the end of my life.

How to understand the above part is up to you.

This long article is taken from the meme Chinese resource pack, the original author is siiftun1857. It may be crazy or leave you feeling clueless. Hope the original author can make a better article for you in a better state.

Unfortunately, the original author may never have it again. Very bad things seem to happen all the time, and if you want to know what it is, then the original author has already hinted at the method for you.

Do what you think is right and hope that your choice deserves to be respected.

Thank you for watching this crazy long article. And thank you for playing Kumo O Tagayasu modpack.

Good bye.